chore: Release v1.0.0 (#6755)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/docs/troubleshooting.md

By default, the number of pods on a node is limited by both the number of networking interfaces (ENIs) that may be attached to an instance type and the number of IP addresses that can be assigned to each ENI.  See [IP addresses per network interface per instance type](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSEC2/latest/UserGuide/using-eni.html#AvailableIpPerENI) for a more detailed information on these instance types' limits.

> If the max-pods (configured through your Provisioner [`kubeletConfiguration`]({{<ref "./concepts/nodepools#speckubeletconfiguration" >}})) is greater than the number of supported IPs for a given instance type, the CNI will fail to assign an IP to the pod and your pod will be left in a `ContainerCreating` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the max-pods (configured through your EC2NodeClass [`kubeletConfiguration`]({{<ref "./concepts/nodeclasses#speckubeletconfiguration" >}})) is greater than the number of supported IPs for a given instance type, the CNI will fail to assign an IP to the pod and your pod will be left in a `ContainerCreating` state.
```
